---
weight: 100
title: FAQs
description: Frequently asked questions
---

## How frequently will CrowdStrike CSPM scan my environment for Configuration (IOM) assessment?

You may configure your settings to determine how often the assessments will occur. The default rate is 2 hours after the last successfull assessment. Optional intervals: 6 hours, 12 hours and 24 hours

## How frequently will CrowdStrike CSPM scan my environment for Behavioral (IOA) assessment?

IOA findings are not generated by scheduled scans, but instead are forwarded to CrowdStrike at the time of the event via EventBridge.  This means IOA findings will appear in your Falcon CSPM console in near-real time.

## Can I create custom policies with CrowdStrike Falcon CSPM?

You can create custom policies for misconfiguration detections in your cloud accounts in CSPM. By defining your own rules, you get more coverage with fine-tuned policies that meet your own security and compliance requirements.

## When should I use the Sensor Management option?

We recommend this method for deploying the Falcon sensor in AWS environments where AWS Systems Manager (SSM) is in use. After enabling and adding EC2 hosts to the SSM inventory on your registered AWS accounts, you can deploy the Falcon sensor into your EC2 instances from the Falcon console with just one click.

## Can I contribute to this repository? 

Yes, this shared under Apache License, version 2.0 (the "License"). Please submit a GitHub issue if you see an issues or improvements. If you like to build and contribute a fix or enhancement, please submit a GitHub pull request with your changes.

All pull requests will go through auto validations and human reviews before it is merged.



